background:                             fullscreen
background.color:                       #000000

toolbar:                                Flat
toolbar.shaped:                         false
toolbar.justify:                        center
toolbar.bevelWidth:                     1
toolbar.height:                         13
toolbar.color:                          #ffffff
toolbar.font:                           terminus-6

toolbar.borderWidth:                    1
toolbar.borderColor:                    #000000

toolbar.clock:                          Flat
toolbar.clock.justify:                  center
toolbar.clock.borderColor:              #000000
toolbar.clock.borderWidth:              1
toolbar.clock.color:                    #000000
toolbar.clock.textColor:                #ffffff
toolbar.clock.font:                     terminus-10

toolbar.iconbar.empty:                  Flat
toolbar.iconbar.borderWidth:            1
toolbar.iconbar.empty.color:            #000000
toolbar.iconbar.borderColor:            #000000
toolbar.iconbar.focused.borderWidth:    1
toolbar.iconbar.focused.borderColor:    #ffffff
toolbar.iconbar.focused:                Flat
toolbar.iconbar.focused.color:          #000000
toolbar.iconbar.focused.textColor:      #00FF00
toolbar.iconbar.focused.font:           sans-8
toolbar.iconbar.focused.justify:        center
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.borderWidth:  1
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.borderColor:  #ffffff
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused:              Flat
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.color:        #000000
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.textColor:    #ffffff
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.font:         sans-8
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.justify:      center

toolbar.workspace:                      Flat
toolbar.workspace.borderWidth:          1
toolbar.workspace.justify:              center
toolbar.workspace.borderColor:          #000000
toolbar.workspace.color:                #000000
toolbar.workspace.textColor:            #ffffff
toolbar.workspace.font:                 terminus-6

menu.bevelWidth:                        0
menu.itemHeight:                        14
menu.titleHeight:                       14
menu.roundCorners:                      TopRight TopLeft BottomRight BottomLeft
menu.borderWidth:                       1
menu.borderColor:                       #ffffff

menu.bullet.position:                   Right
menu.bullet:                            triangle

menu.title:                             flat
menu.titleHeight:                       14
menu.title.justify:                     center
menu.title.color:                       #804030
menu.title.textColor:                   #000000
menu.title.font:                        terminus-12

menu.frame:                             flat
menu.frame.justify:                     left
menu.frame.color:                       #000000
menu.frame.textColor:                   #ffffff
menu.frame.disableColor:
menu.frame.font:                        terminus-15

menu.hilite:                            flat
menu.hilite.justify:                    left
menu.hilite.color:                      #6e4237
menu.hilite.textColor:                  #ffffff
menu.hilite.font:                       terminus-15

window.bevelWidth:                      1
window.borderWidth:                     1
window.focus.borderColor:               #6298e0
window.unfocus.borderColor:             #515151

window.roundCorners:                    Top
window.justify:                         center
window.font:                            terminus-9

window.button.focus:                    flat
window.button.focus.color:              #000000
window.button.focus.picColor:           #ffffff
window.button.unfocus:                  flat
window.button.unfocus.Color:            #515152
window.button.unfocus.picColor:         #828385
window.button.pressed:                  flat
window.button.pressed.color:            #4C4C4C
window.button.pressed.picColor:         #000000

window.title.height:                    16
window.title.focus:                     flat
window.title.focus.color:               #000000
window.title.unfocus:                   flat
window.title.unfocus.color:             #515152

window.label.active:                    flat
window.label.active.textColor:          #ffffff
window.label.focus:                     flat
window.label.focus.color:               #000000
window.label.focus.textColor:           #ffffff
window.label.focus.font:                terminus-9
window.label.unfocus:                   flat
window.label.unfocus.color:             #515152
window.label.unfocus.textColor:         #828385
window.label.unfocus.font:              sans-9

window.handle.focus:                    flat
window.handle.focus.color:              #000000
window.handle.unfocus:                  flat
window.handle.unfocus.color:            #515152
window.handleWidth:                     1

window.grip.focus:                      flat
window.grip.focus.color:                #6298e0
window.grip.unfocus:                    flat
window.grip.unfocus.color:              #515152
