session.screen0.workspaces:	                        1
session.screen0.workspaceNames:	                    1
session.screen0.workspacewarpingvertical:	        false
session.screen0.workspacewarping:	                true
session.screen0.workspacewarpinghorizontaloffset:	1
session.screen0.workspacewarpinghorizontal:	        true
session.screen0.workspacewarpingverticaloffset:	    1

session.screen0.toolbar.alpha:	                    255
session.screen0.toolbar.autoHide:	                false
session.screen0.toolbar.height:	                    16
session.screen0.toolbar.autoRaise:	                false
session.screen0.toolbar.visible:	                true
session.screen0.toolbar.widthPercent:	            45
session.screen0.toolbar.onTop:	                    False
session.screen0.toolbar.placement:	                BottomCenter
session.screen0.toolbar.onhead:	                    0
session.screen0.toolbar.maxOver:	                false
session.screen0.toolbar.layer:	                    Desktop
session.screen0.toolbar.tools:	                    iconbar, systemtray, clock

session.iconbar:	                                true
session.screen0.iconbar.clientWidth:	            0
session.screen0.iconbar.iconWidth:	                5
session.screen0.iconbar.usePixmap:	                true
session.screen0.iconbar.mode:	                    {static groups} (workspace)
session.screen0.iconbar.wheelMode:	                Screen
session.screen0.iconbar.iconTextPadding:	        5
session.screen0.iconbar.deiconifyMode:	            Follow
session.screen0.iconbar.alignment:	                Relative
session.screen0.strftimeFormat:	                    %d %B %m %A %H:%M
session.updateDelayTime:	                        0

session.screen0.clientMenu.usePixmap:	            true
session.screen0.menu.alpha:	                        255
session.screen0.menuMode:	                        Delay
session.screen0.menuDelay:	                        0
session.screen0.menuAlpha:	                        255
session.screen0.menuDelayClose:	                    0
session.menuSearch:	                                itemstart

session.screen0.titlebar.left:	                    MenuIcon 
session.screen0.titlebar.right:	                    Minimize Maximize Close
session.titlebar.left:	                            MenuIcon
session.titlebar.right:	                            Minimize Maximize Close

session.screen0.window.focus.alpha:	                255
session.screen0.window.unfocus.alpha:	            255
session.screen0.windowScrollReverse:	            false
session.screen0.focusNewWindows:	                true
session.screen0.focusLastWindow:	                true
session.screen0.windowPlacement:	                ColSmartPlacement
session.screen0.rowPlacementDirection:	            LeftToRight
session.screen0.colPlacementDirection:	            BottomToTop
session.screen0.showwindowposition:	                true
session.screen0.windowScrollAction:	                false
session.screen0.showposinsidewindow:	            true

session.tabs:	                                    true
session.tabPadding:	                                0
session.tabsAttachArea:	                            Window
session.focusTabMinWidth:	                        0
session.screen0.tabFocusModel:	                    ClickToTabFocus
session.screen0.tabs.intitlebar:	                true
session.screen0.tabs.maxOver:	                    false
session.screen0.tabs.usePixmap:	                    false
session.screen0.tab.width:	                        64
session.screen0.tab.rotatevertical:	                True
session.screen0.tab.alignment:	                    Left
session.screen0.tab.height:	                        16
session.screen0.tab.placement:	                    BottomLeft

session.screen0.overlay.lineWidth:	                1
session.screen0.overlay.lineStyle:	                LineSolid
session.screen0.overlay.joinStyle:	                JoinMiter
session.screen0.overlay.capStyle:	                CapNotLast

session.screen0.resizeMode:	                        Bottom
session.screen0.maxDisableResize:	                false
session.screen0.opaqueResize:	                    false
session.screen0.opaqueResizeDelay:	                40
session.screen0.clickRaises:	                    true
session.screen0.autoRaise:	                        true
session.screen0.fullMaximization:	                false
session.screen0.demandsAttentionTimeout:	        500
session.screen0.defaultDeco:	                    NORMAL
session.screen0.decorateTransient:	                false
session.screen0.opaqueMove:	                        true
session.screen0.followModel:	                    Ignore
session.screen0.desktopwheeling:	                true
session.screen0.reversewheeling:	                false
session.screen0.allowRemoteActions:	                false
session.screen0.sloppywindowgrouping:	            true
session.screen0.tooltipDelay:	                    500
session.screen0.antialias:	                        true
session.screen0.maxDisableMove:	                    false
session.screen0.imageDither:	                    false
session.screen0.userFollowModel:	                Follow
session.screen0.maxIgnoreIncrement:	                true
session.screen0.edgeSnapThreshold:	                8
session.screen0.edgeResizeSnapThreshold:	        0
session.screen0.focusSameHead:	                    false
session.screen0.noFocusWhileTypingDelay:	        0
session.screen0.focusModel:	                        ClickToFocus
session.doubleClickInterval:	                    250
session.cacheMax:	                                200
session.cacheLife:	                                5
session.colorsPerChannel:	                        4
session.opaqueMove:	                                false
session.imageDither:	                            true
session.modKey:	                                    Mod1
session.useMod1:	                                true
session.ignoreBorder:	                            false
session.autoRaiseDelay:	                            250
session.forcePseudoTransparency:	                true
session.numLayers:	                                13
session.configVersion:	                            13

session.screen0.slit.alpha:	                        255
session.screen0.slit.acceptKdeDockapps:	            true
session.screen0.slit.autoHide:	                    false
session.screen0.slit.autoRaise:	                    false
session.screen0.slit.direction:	                    Vertical
session.screen0.slit.onTop:	                        False
session.screen0.slit.maxOver:	                    false
session.screen0.slit.onhead:	                    0
session.screen0.slit.placement:	                    LeftCenter
session.screen0.slit.layer:	                        Desktop

session.styleFile:	                                ~/.fluxbox/style
session.screen0.windowMenu:	                        ~/.fluxbox/windowmenu
session.slitlistFile:	                            ~/.fluxbox/slitlist
session.styleOverlay:	                            ~/.fluxbox/overlay
session.appsFile:	                                ~/.fluxbox/apps
session.menuFile:	                                ~/.fluxbox/menu
session.keyFile:	                                ~/.fluxbox/keys

#session.screen0.rootCommand:	                    ~/.fehbg -l
